HIDS samples: add continuous report sending/receiving feature (#28697)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/central_hids/README.rst

      * If a boot mouse report is detected, the sample subscribes to it.
      * If a boot keyboard report is detected, the sample subscribes to its input report, and the sample functionality of changing the CAPSLOCK LED is enabled (**Button 0** and **Button 2**).

Continuous report receiving
===========================

> If the connected device sends HID input notifications fast enough, the sample **automatically enables continuous report receiving**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the connected device sends HID input notifications fast enough, the sample automatically enables continuous report receiving.
```

> In that mode the sample stops printing every notification payload on the UART.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In that mode, the sample stops printing every notification payload on the UART.
```

> Instead every **500** reports it prints a short summary allowing to assess the quality of the communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of every 500 reports, it prints a short summary allowing to assess the quality of the communication.
```

> It prints a short summary every :kconfig:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_BT_CENTRAL_HIDS_CONT_REPORT_RX_STATS_RATE` reports, allowing you to assess the quality of the communication.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It prints a short summary every :option:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_BT_CENTRAL_HIDS_CONT_REPORT_RX_STATS_RATE` reports, allowing you to assess the quality of the communication.
```
This Kconfig is not defined in this sample documentation. I think we need to defined by adding ".. options-from-kconfig::" by creating a new "Configuration" section. Please check the sample template here : https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/templates/sample_README.html#configuration_options.

Author: fixed, added the configuration section as requested

* **Enter:** After each group of **10** reports, if their time span is shorter than **50** times the connection interval, continuous mode turns on.

> * **Exit:** If no report is received for about **10** connection intervals, continuous mode turns off and per-notification logging resumes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enter - After each group of 10 reports, if their time span is shorter than 50 times the connection interval, continuous mode turns on.
* Exit - If no report is received for about 10 connection intervals, continuous mode turns off and per-notification logging resumes.
```

To test the continuous report receiving feature, run the :ref:`peripheral_hids_keyboard` sample with the :option:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_BT_HIDS_CONTINUOUS_REPORT_SENDING` Kconfig option enabled.

> After pairing, press the buttons 1 and 3 on the DK that is running the :ref:`peripheral_hids_keyboard` sample together to toggle continuous report receiving on and off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After pairing, press the buttons **1** and **3** on the DK that is running the :ref:`peripheral_hids_keyboard` sample together to toggle continuous report receiving on and off.
```

      * If a boot mouse report is detected, the sample subscribes to it.
      * If a boot keyboard report is detected, the sample subscribes to its input report, and the sample functionality of changing the CAPSLOCK LED is enabled (**Button 0** and **Button 2**).

Continuous report receiving
===========================

The continuous report receiving feature is enabled by default.

> It can be toggled off by using the :option:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_BT_CENTRAL_HIDS_CONTINUOUS_REPORT_RX` Kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can toggle it off using the :option:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_BT_CENTRAL_HIDS_CONTINUOUS_REPORT_RX` Kconfig option.
```

If the connected device sends HID input notifications fast enough, the sample automatically enters continuous report receiving mode.

In that mode, the sample stops printing every notification payload on the UART.
It prints a short summary every :option:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_BT_CENTRAL_HIDS_CONTINUOUS_REPORT_RX_STATS_RATE` reports, allowing you to assess the quality of the communication.

> * Enter - After each group of 10 reports, if their time span is shorter than 1 second, continuous mode turns on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enter - After each group of 10 reports, if their time span is shorter than one second, continuous mode turns on.
```

* Exit - If no report is received for 500 milliseconds, continuous mode turns off and per-notification logging resumes.

To test the continuous report receiving feature, run the :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` sample with the :option:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_BT_HIDS_CONTINUOUS_REPORT_SENDING` Kconfig option enabled.

> After pairing, press the buttons **1** and **3** on the DK that is running the :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` sample together to toggle continuous report receiving on and off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After pairing, press the buttons **1** and **3** on the DK that is running the :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` sample to toggle continuous report receiving on and off.
```

> After pairing, press the buttons **1** and **3** on the DK that is running the :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` sample together to toggle continuous report receiving on and off.

Author: Actually this sentence is out of date (this UX does not work anymore) - see the new sentence

      * If a boot mouse report is detected, the sample subscribes to it.
      * If a boot keyboard report is detected, the sample subscribes to its input report, and the sample functionality of changing the CAPSLOCK LED is enabled (**Button 0** and **Button 2**).

Continuous report receiving
===========================

The continuous report receiving feature is enabled by default.

> You can toggle it off using the :option:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_BT_CENTRAL_HIDS_CONTINUOUS_REPORT_RX` Kconfig option.

Reviewer 3: As a follow-up, we could add configurations disabling newly added features to `sample.yaml` to ensure proper testing (we rely on `#ifdef` in code)

Author: to be addressed in the follow up ticket

> If the connected device sends HID input notifications fast enough, the sample automatically enters continuous report receiving mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the connected device sends HID input notifications fast enough, the sample automatically enters the continuous report receiving mode.
```

> If the connected device sends HID input notifications fast enough, the sample automatically enters the continuous report receiving mode.

Reviewer 3: `... sends GATT notifications with HID input reports ...`

Author: done

> If the connected device sends sends GATT notifications with HID input reports fast enough, the sample automatically enters the continuous report receiving mode.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the connected device sends GATT notifications with HID input reports fast enough, the sample automatically enters the continuous report receiving mode.
```

Author: fixed

In that mode, the sample stops printing every notification payload on the UART.
It prints a short summary every :option:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_BT_CENTRAL_HIDS_CONTINUOUS_REPORT_RX_STATS_RATE` reports, allowing you to assess the quality of the communication.

> * Enter - After each group of 10 reports, if their time span is shorter than one second, continuous mode turns on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enter - After each group of 10 reports, if their time span is shorter than one second, the continuous mode turns on.
```

> * Exit - If no report is received for 500 milliseconds, continuous mode turns off and per-notification logging resumes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Exit - If no report is received for 500 milliseconds, the continuous mode turns off and per-notification logging resumes.
```

To test the continuous report receiving feature, run the :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` sample with the :option:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_BT_HIDS_CONTINUOUS_REPORT_SENDING` Kconfig option enabled.

> After pairing, hold one of the buttons on the DK that is running the :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` for more than two seconds to enter continuous report sending mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After pairing, hold one of the buttons on the DK that is running the :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` for more than two seconds to enter the continuous report sending mode.
```

> The central will then automatically enter continuous report receiving mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The central will then automatically enter the continuous report receiving mode.
```
